Update Sentinel scenario (#73)
hashicorp/katakoda: terraform-sentinel/step1.md

> In this scenario, you will apply the Sentinel logic principles to a Terraform specific deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, you will apply the Sentinel Policy as Code principles to a Terraform specific deployment.
```
?

> In this scenario, you will apply the Sentinel logic principles to a Terraform specific deployment.

Reviewer 2: We should give users a brief overview of the actual process here. Something like "In this scenario you will make sure an S3 bucket is not public..." give them the mental model for what all the steps they are performing will mean.

> Navigate to the `terraform-sentinel/tf-config/main.tf`{{open}} and review the configuration you are testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the file `terraform-sentinel/tf-config/main.tf`{{open}} and review the configuration you are testing.
```

> This configuration builds an S3 bucket with a unique name and deploys an example web app as a bucket object. You have an S3 bucket policy attached to the bucket resource which allows pubic read permissions for your bucket object. This example configuration does not have any deployment safeguards built in and if your AWS user has S3 build and upload permissions, your Terraform deployment will apply successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration builds an S3 bucket with a unique name and deploys an example web app as a bucket object. You have an S3 bucket policy attached to the bucket resource which allows pubic read permissions for your bucket object. This example configuration does not have any deployment safeguards built in, so if your AWS user has S3 build and upload permissions, your Terraform deployment will apply successfully.
```

> This configuration builds an S3 bucket with a unique name and deploys an example web app as a bucket object. You have an S3 bucket policy attached to the bucket resource which allows pubic read permissions for your bucket object. This example configuration does not have any deployment safeguards built in and if your AWS user has S3 build and upload permissions, your Terraform deployment will apply successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This configuration builds a publicly-readable S3 bucket with a unique name and deploys an example web app as a bucket object. Noice the `policy` block of the `"aws_s3_bucket" "bucket"` resource that makes the bucket readable. 

This example configuration does not have any deployment safeguards built in and if your AWS user has S3 build and upload permissions, your Terraform deployment will apply successfully, making the contents of the bucket public.
```

Reviewer 2: Just realized that the policy is testing for tags, not whether or not the bucket is public 🤦‍♀️. We should probably mention that somewhere in here and highlight it in the configuration?

> Proper testing of a policy requires that these values be able to be mocked - or, in other words, simulated in a way that allows the accurate testing of the scenarios that a policy could reasonably pass or fail under.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proper testing of a policy requires that these values be able to be mocked - in other words, simulated in a way that allows the accurate testing of the scenarios that a policy could reasonably pass or fail under.
```

> Proper testing of a policy requires that these values be able to be mocked - or, in other words, simulated in a way that allows the accurate testing of the scenarios that a policy could reasonably pass or fail under.

Reviewer 2: I'm a little confused here, which values? What will the policy do? Active voice might help here.

> In order to test this policy, this scenario has pre-generated [mock data from Terraform Cloud](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/sentinel/mock.html). To learn how to generate mock data for testing in the Sentinel CLI, follow the [Sentinel Learn guides on Sentinel & Terraform Cloud](https://www.learn.hashicorp.com/terraform?LINK).

Reviewer 2: Let's not link out unless you think users will have extra time. Because these scenarios tend to time out we don't want users poking around too much.

Reviewer 2: I think we can probably just say "Look at the files XYZ. These contain the mock data you will use to test your policy."

Part of writing Sentinel policies is to determine your parameters based on your infrastructure. For your first policy, you must ensure the following: 

> - Any S3 buckets created or updated have at least 1 tag

Reviewer 2: This needs to way earlier in the scenario.

## Create a filter

The stub of this policy is in `terraform-sentinel/restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel`{{open}}.

The first step in this policy relies on creating a filter for the s3_bucket resources in the Terraform Cloud plan. Copy and paste the filter block below the import statement.

```

> s3_buckets = filter tfplan.resource_changes as _, rc {

Reviewer 2: This is a little bit confusing because the stub includes `s3_buckets =` too. Might want to tell users to replace it, or just to put the code under the comment?

	rc.type is "aws_s3_bucket" and
		(rc.change.actions contains "create" or rc.change.actions is ["update"])
		}
```{{copy}}

## Create the bucket rule

Your policy has a filter that will search the mock data, but no rule to evaluate this data against. Copy and paste the `bucket_tags` rule to your policy below the filter statement.

```
bucket_tags = rule {
	all s3_buckets as _, buckets {
		buckets.change.after.tags is not null
		}
	}

> 	```{{copy}}

Reviewer 3: Should this be flush left instead of indented?

## Create main rule

Your filter and bucket rule will be evaluated in the main rule. Copy and paste the main rule below your bucket rule.

```
main = rule {
    bucket_tags else false
}
```{{copy}}

## Run your first apply

To see Sentinel policy logic in action, run an `apply` with the `trace` flag in your terminal.

```
sentinel apply -trace restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel
```{{execute}}

> Review the trace information.

Reviewer 2: Can we interpret this a little bit? (the policy passed because tags were present?)

## Create a failing policy

To see the failure behavior of your Sentinel policy, change the `bucket_tags` rule to a `null` statement.

```
bucket_tags = rule {
	all s3_buckets as _, buckets {
		buckets.change.after.tags is null
		}
	}

> 	```{{copy}}

Reviewer 3: Should be flush left.

> Run an apply in the Sentinel CLI again and evaluate the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run an apply in the Sentinel CLI again and evaluate the output. The policy will fail because the bucket does have tags. 
```

```
sentinel apply -trace restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel
```{{execute}}

After reviewing the failing output, change the `bucket_tags` rule to evaluate correctly.

```
bucket_tags = rule {
	all s3_buckets as _, buckets {
		buckets.change.after.tags is not null
		}
	}

> 	```{{copy}}

Reviewer 3: Should be flush left.
